Mom, that's not what I meant
I was bullied by a servant in my daughter's house
I'm not here anymore.
I go
Wow ma'am
You and the old lady have been separated for 20 years
You can't because of an outsider
Make the old lady angry
Mom
After all, Shen Guiying saved my life
Don't be angry.
He looks just like my daughter.
Turtle, are you alright?
I remember now.
That's my daughter, Jay.
Mom didn't mean to push you
The mother is the daughter who is unfilial
You just came back and made you feel wronged
But the Zhang family has no rules for criticizing their servants
The matter still needs to wait until I investigate it clearly.
Then decide whether to kick Shen Guiyun out
You don't even believe what your own mother says
Who is Meng Jie's biological mother?
The paternity test is here
It's too late to admit it's wrong now
What do you mean?
So you are really my mother